Dad, I already said it
Yunfan that kid
At first glance, he is a troublemaker
He doesn't deserve our family's love at all
But this dick he
Are you not listening?
It's all right now.
He bit off Young Master Xue's ear
They let Zhou Hua come
Do you have to ask them to pay with blood?
My Centennial Qiao Family
Is it going to be destroyed by a chaser?
I am ashamed of the ancestors of the Qiao family
You calm down
I think so.
Now he is material in time to seize the time ruins
You Xu Aoyuan will be here soon.
We have to save our lives, Dad
The Qiao family is gathered today
I am ordered as the head of the Qiao family
Crime is in Fan
Enrage the family
heinous crime
Evicted from home as of today
To Filingfan
I don't agree with that.
Lin Fan injured Xu Ziheng to save me
The surname is He, what wind are you talking about?
Dad, everything I say is true
Abolish Lin Fan because of greed for life and fear of death
Looking at this century-old family motto should not be courtesy, righteousness and shame
obligatory opening
ungrateful
Qiao Qinghe, you bastard
You still don't
Hey wife
Second brother Xiangzi, don't worry about your good daughter
Qinghe
If you still recognize me as a mother, stop talking
Are you still asking your mother to kneel down for you?
No, Linfan, Gansu, Qiaoqinghe.
You're not playing well, are you?
Stop